Mention GitHub Actions instead of Travis CI everywhere (#737)
django-guardian/django-guardian: docs/develop/testing.rst

environments and pull dependencies) but would ensure everything is fine.

GitHub Actions
--------------

.. versionadded:: 2.4.0

.. image:: https://github.com/django-guardian/django-guardian/workflows/Tests/badge.svg?branch=devel
  :target: https://github.com/django-guardian/django-guardian/actions/workflows/tests.yml

> Recently we have added support for `GitHub Actions`_ so it is even more easy to follow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have support for `GitHub Actions`_ to make easy to follow
```

Documentation should be time independent to be maintainable. Nobody will remember to replace "Recently" with a better word after a few weeks.
